FEATURE: AWS S3 multipart presigned URL batching (#3056)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/aws-s3-multipart.md

The `@uppy/aws-s3-multipart` plugin has the following configurable options:

### `limit: 5`

> The maximum amount of chunks to upload simultaneously. This affects [`prepareUploadParts()`](#prepareUploadParts-file-partData) as well; after the initial batch of `limit` parts is presigned, a minimum of `limit / 2` rounded up will be presigned at a time. You should set the limit carefully. Setting it to a value too high could cause issues where the presigned URLs begin to expire before the chunks they are for start uploading. Too low and you will end up with a lot of extra round trips to your server (or Companion) than necessary to presign URLs. If the default chunk size of 5MB is used, a `limit` between 5 and 15 should be fairly safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum amount of chunks to upload simultaneously. This affects [`prepareUploadParts()`](#prepareUploadParts-file-partData) as well; after the initial batch of `limit` parts is presigned, a minimum of `limit / 2` rounded up will be presigned at a time. You should set the limit carefully. Setting it to a value too high could cause issues where the presigned URLs begin to expire before the chunks they are for start uploading. Too low and you will end up with a lot of extra round trips to your server (or Companion) than necessary to presign URLs. If the default chunk size of 5MB is used, a `limit` between 5 and 15 is recommended.
```

### `limit: 0`

> The maximum amount of chunks to upload simultaneously.

Author: I removed the comment "Set to `0` to disable limiting."` here because it is not true -- the limit defaults to 5 here:

https://github.com/martin-brennan/uppy/blob/af9030ece598bc2cb7835100b165c7cd9736c616/packages/@uppy/aws-s3-multipart/src/index.js#L218-L218

Also I don't think the candidate part gathering code would work with no limit?
